Warn about dropped message in filter (#8579)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/filter.adoc

----
====

> If the `throwExceptionOnRejection == false` and no `discardChannel` provided, the message is silently dropped and an `o.s.i.filter.MessageFilter` instance just emits a warning into logs (starting with version 6.1) about this discarded message.
> To fully drop the message off and even lose the mentioned warning in logs, a `nullChannel` can be configured as a `discardChannel` on the filter.
> This way, the goal of the framework is to never be silent by default until an explicit option is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `throwExceptionOnRejection == false` and no `discardChannel` is provided, the message is silently dropped and an `o.s.i.filter.MessageFilter` instance just emits a warning log message (starting with version 6.1) about this discarded message.
To drop the message with no warning in the logs, a `NullChannel` can be configured as the `discardChannel` on the filter.
The goal of the framework is to not be completely silent, by default, requiring an explicit option to be set, if that is the desired behavior.
```
